Update 04.creating_the_enemy.rst (#10455)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/first_2d_game/04.creating_the_enemy.rst

        QueueFree();
    }

> ``QueueFree()`` is a function that essentially 'frees', or deletes, the node at the end of the frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``queue_free()`` is a function that essentially 'frees', or deletes, the node at the end of the frame.
```
Should use the `GDScript` naming as for other methods
